README.md, before:

# React 7-Segment Display

A React component that simulates a 7-segment display.

![Display demo](./assets/Display.gif) 

## Usage

### Installation

`npm install react-7-segment-display`

### Adding the component to your project

```jsx
import { Display } from "react-7-segment-display";

const App = () => <Display value="77" />;

export default App;
```

## Props

| Name           | Decription                                                 | Type       | Default value |
| -------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------- | ---------- | ------------- |
| value          | Value displayed on the display (in decimal or hexadecimal) | `any`      | `null`        |
| color          | Color of the display segments when turned on               | `string`   | `"red"`       |
| height         | Total height of the display digits                         | `number`   | `250`         |
| count          | Amount of digits on the display                            | `number`   | `2`           |
| bakgroundColor | Color of the background                                    | `string?`  | n/a           |
| skew           | Whether the digits are skewed or not                       | `boolean?` | `false`       |

## Valid values for `value`

You can dislay a number in decimal or hexadecimal, giving its value by a number or a string.

```jsx
<Display value={123} />
<Display value="7b" />
```

![Display demo](./assets/Display_hex.gif)

## License

MIT License

Commit message:

feat(README): Added skew segment

README.md, after:

# React 7-Segment Display

A React component that simulates a 7-segment display.

![Display demo](./assets/Display.gif) 

## Usage

### Installation

`npm install react-7-segment-display`

### Adding the component to your project

```jsx
import { Display } from "react-7-segment-display";

const App = () => <Display value="77" />;

export default App;
```

## Props

| Name           | Decription                                                 | Type       | Default value |
| -------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------- | ---------- | ------------- |
| value          | Value displayed on the display (in decimal or hexadecimal) | `any`      | `null`        |
| color          | Color of the display segments when turned on               | `string`   | `"red"`       |
| height         | Total height of the display digits                         | `number`   | `250`         |
| count          | Amount of digits on the display                            | `number`   | `2`           |
| bakgroundColor | Color of the background                                    | `string?`  | n/a           |
| skew           | Whether the digits are skewed or not                       | `boolean?` | `false`       |

### Valid values for `value`

You can dislay a number in decimal or hexadecimal, giving its value by a number or a string.

![Display demo](./assets/Display_hex.gif)

### Skew prop

`skew` is a boolean that determines whether the digits are skewed or not. You can use it to make the display look more like a real 7-segment display.

![Display demo](./assets/Display_skew.gif)

## License

MIT License
